this is the beautiful I've been a
soldier since I was 19
and I still haven't learned how to wait
fun
I wanted a mission for my sins they gave
me one nobody'd ever gone on the mission
like it before and when it was over I
never want another one
your mission is seat up to none River in
a Navy patrol boat pickup Colonel
Kurtz's path at new manba when you find
the colonel infiltrate his team by
whatever means available and terminate
the criminals command
Germany
terminate is extreme prejudice my order
say I'm not supposed to know what I'm
taking this book so I don't but one look
at you and I know it's gonna be hot
yeah we'll pick your boat up and put it
down like a baby right where you wanted
this is the first of the night Air Cav
son
my boys love it
I love the smell of napalm in the
morning
smells like victory
yeah this is better than Disneyland
I'm short and we gotta go up there so
you can kill one of own guys did you bad
up no did do it who's the commanding
officer here he was close
he was a real close I couldn't see him
but I could feel him these are all his
children man as far as you can see they
can keep come to to take him away I hope
that is true could we talk to Colonel
Kurtz you don't talk to the colonel oh
well will you listen to him are you an
assassin I'm a soldier
you're an errand boy sent by grocery
cooks
click bill
you